Act one/scene one: 
hero enters Boss chambers
Boss: "so, it has come to this!, you have finally seeked me out"
Hero:"you Will pay for all that you've done"
Boss:"oh, we'll see about that, boy, come forth, and meet your doom!"
boss laughing
*epic battle*
boss falling over, sword in chest, bleeding out.
Boss:"finally, the end has come... for me"
hero kicks boss of throne. and sits on the throne.
scene end

Scene two:
*the next weekend*
hero sits upon the boss's throne (in boss chambers) boss corpse remains unmoved
Hero:"Life is GREAT"
Hero:"guild bills paid, the big baddie is dead, and i've got all the time and money that I could wish for"
Hero laughs and drinks beer from a metal mug
Hero:"so... what do I do now?"
end scene two

Scene three:
hero walks off throne leaving the castle
Hero(outside of castle):"soo booored"
hero walks trough two long screens, first is a field with lots of dead monsters in the background, second is a burned up village, with some villagers one has an exclamation mark on his head
(second screen contains also two parents and a young girl- future hero)
Hero:"Finally! a ~QUEST!~"
hero approaches the exclamation mark villager
villager 1:" help me please, rats are attacking my crops!"
Hero:"Rats?... well... that's something... I guess..."
Hero:" maybe these are magically enhanced rats..."

scene four:
hero walks to the field, seeing a mouse
Hero:"was he really afraid from these mice?"
hero approaches a live mouse
battle begins
all rats (7-9) die at the first strike, (if they start- they do 0 damage and die anyway)
battle ends
Hero:"that's IT?, does this even count as a battle?"
hero grabs mouse
hero leaves field

scene five:
 hero enters village, approaches villager1
 Hero:"here are the mice you wanted dead...."
 villager1:"thank you hero!, you did me a great favour!"
 villager1 hands hero 1 gold coin
 Hero:" are you serious?"
 Hero:"I CAN'T DO IT!"
 Hero" #$@% this #@$%, i'm going back to the castle"
 
 
 Act two:
 scene one: 
 at the castle, hero on the throne again
 "okey, there has to be some great evil that is ruining something, SOMEWHERE!"
 looks at newspaper headline that reads:" all monsters banished, reign of terror is over"
 (small headline reads :"mice eating crops - necessary evil or force of good?")
 hero throws newspaper
 
 scene two:
 at the field 
 Hero:"ok, maybe if i'll just walk around for a bit i;ll find some worthwhile fight"
 hero walks around field (player is free) and after a while catches a "random encounter" 
 1 rat, as the fight begins- the rat dies before the player gets to attack.
 battle ends
 Hero:"Arrghhh!!!"
 hero runs to castle
 
 scene three:
 hero is at the castle, next to boss corpse
 while hitting the boss corpse 
 Hero:"why did you DIE so soon!"
 Hero:"sub sub"
 Hero:"what kind of monster is so weak, that someone like me can kill it so easily?"
 hero throws his sword aside
 hero grabs boss's sword and takes it with him
 Hero: "I'll show you what a real villain can do! I WILL BE BETTER!!!"

scene four:
hero enters village
hero laughs maniacally and charges at the nearest villager 
Hero:"come at me! I need someone to challenge me!"
villagers are killed all over the place
hero notices the girl
Hero:"oh, would you look at that!, such a small child"
hero kills the girl's parents
Hero:"everyone here is a waste of time, no one is a real challenge"
hero talks to girl
Hero:"run, child!, grow strong and avenge your parents when you are ready!"
girl runs away
Hero(to himself):"that girl will challenge me in time, and then I will have a proper battle at last!"
hero walks slowly away from the dead village

end second act



third act:
scene one:
~3 years later~
hero at castle, sitting on throne- eating away (chicken meat should be ok?)
hero appears a bit bigger
Hero:"what to do, what to do? what village shell I pillage today?"
*loud breaking noise*
Hero:"what? who is that?"
girl stepping into throne room
Girl:"my name is Taimi Nanna, you killed my parents, prepare to die!"
Hero: "so, it has come to this!, you have finally seeked me out"
Taimi:"you Will pay for all that you've done"
Hero:"oh, we'll see about that, girl, come forth, and meet your doom!"
Hero laughing

End-Fin.